content/about.md, before:

---
title: About
layout: default
---

<img src="/images/conference.jpg" width="250" style="float: right; margin-left: 20px;" alt="A photo of me giving a talk">

I'm an electronic engineer living in the UK. I mainly do digital hardware
design, in particular processors, but have significant experience in software,
too, especially in kernel development.

I am a big fan of open source, both software and hardware. Throughout the years
I've contributed a large amount of code to open source projects. I am also a
committer at the [DragonFly BSD Project][dragonfly]. Occasionally you
might see me giving talks on DragonFly BSD, such as on the photo to the right.

You'll find a number of my own projects on here or on my [github page][github].

My PGP key is [0x89EBF03A272BBD8A](http://pgp.mit.edu:11371/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0x89EBF03A272BBD8A).
My key fingerprint is:

<pre>
pub   2048R/272BBD8A 2010-07-13
      Key fingerprint = 8A8A 52F2 2214 6B8F 8A02  1997 89EB F03A 272B BD8A
</pre>

[dragonfly]: http://www.dragonflybsd.org
[github]: http://github.com/bwalex

Commit message:

add email to about page

content/about.md, after:

---
title: About
layout: default
---

<img src="/images/conference.jpg" width="250" style="float: right; margin-left: 20px;" alt="A photo of me giving a talk">

I'm an electronic engineer living in the UK. I mainly do digital hardware
design, in particular processors, but have significant experience in software,
too, especially in kernel development.

I am a big fan of open source, both software and hardware. Throughout the years
I've contributed a large amount of code to open source projects. I am also a
committer at the [DragonFly BSD Project][dragonfly]. Occasionally you
might see me giving talks on DragonFly BSD, such as on the photo to the right.

You'll find a number of my own projects on here or on my [github page][github].

If you want to send me an email, you can use <noscript><b>my first name @ this domain name</b> or </noscript>
<span id="my_email" onclick="document.getElementById('my_email').innerHTML = 'xela'.split('').reverse().join('') + '@' + window.location.host.split('.').slice(1).join('.');"><i>click here if you have JavaScript enabled</i></span>.

My PGP key is [0x89EBF03A272BBD8A](https://pgp.mit.edu/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0x89EBF03A272BBD8A).
My key fingerprint is:

<pre>
pub   2048R/272BBD8A 2010-07-13
      Key fingerprint = 8A8A 52F2 2214 6B8F 8A02  1997 89EB F03A 272B BD8A
</pre>

[dragonfly]: http://www.dragonflybsd.org
[github]: http://github.com/bwalex
